My reflection for this week will be split into two parts: firstly, I want to discuss the Travelling While Trans reading, then I want to follow up with my blog from last week.

"What's wrong with this image" was a good read. Not because I learnt about the fundamental biases coded into programs for the first time. That's become something I'm very familiar with by now in our degree, since once you start looking for them the assumptions that designers make are everywhere. The interesting part was the idea of an association that is built around providing constructive feedback in order to reduce those little mistakes. (Insert name here) is a great initiative becuase many designers simply lack the tools to improve accessibility, mainly because they aren't even aware of the need for the first place. Most people live life in a far narrower point of view than you get going to an arts degree at a cosmopolitan university, and because of that they just simply forget that gender-queer people have specific needs, or that just because your system works for black men and white woman doesn't mean it works for black women. Speaking of which, I really liked the time the reading took to adress intersectionality. I think that intersectional discussion is increasingly important, as the systems we put in place to protect vulnerable groups start to age and -through loopholes- become problems in themselves. Intersectionality is vital in improving those systems, and ensuring that we don't put those loopholes in next time.

In terms of my mini crisis last week, that's still not resolved. I've talked to the relevant people now and begun the process, but it's going to be a long and hard road to get my marks corrected to the point where I can breathe easy again. One thing I have learnt through all this is that the methods in which we roll out our excercises is extremely flawed. If I can fail before even getting feedback, you know there's something wrong, especially when all this drama could have been solved through an email. It's frustrating beyond belief, but that's where I'm at with dealing with it. At least now I do have the motivation to continue, since there is hopefully a resolution to this situation, but I will just say that if you don't see any more of these blog posts then you'll know what happened.